add instructions for kebechet (#235)
AICoE/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial: docs/source/use-bots.md

<img alt="Kebechet Automatic Update" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thoth-station/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial/master/docs/images/KebechetAutomaticUpdate.png">
</div>

## Set up Thoth bots on your fork

Adding Thoth's bots takes just a few steps! Start by installing the Kebechet GitHub application by [following this link](https://github.com/apps/khebhut). It can be configured on an organization or on a single repository. To test out the Kebechet bot in this tutorial, select your profile for the organization, and specify the `elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial` as the repository.

> Once the application is installed, you will need to add Thoth's bots as collaborators. Navigate to your fork of `elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial`. Under the repository's **Settings**, go to **Manage Access** and click on "Invite a collaborator" and add Sesheta. Sesheta is a friendly Thoth bot who is used to help automate tasks. You might have already done this step when [building an image](build-images.md), in which case you do not have to invite Sesheta again. Please note: there is sometimes a delay in Sesheta's invite acceptance. Please note: Sesheta's invite acceptance is not instantaneous. [Follow this link](https://github.com/AICoE/aicoe-ci/issues/new?assignees=goern%2Charshad16&labels=area%2Fcyborgs%2Cbot%2Csig%2Fcyborgs&template=request_sesheta.yaml&title=Help+with+Sesheta+invite) and fill out the form to have Sesheta accept your invitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is installed, you will need to add Thoth's bots as collaborators. Navigate to your fork of `elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial`. Under the repository's **Settings**, go to **Manage Access** and click on "Invite a collaborator" and add Sesheta. Sesheta is a friendly Thoth bot who is used to help automate tasks. You might have already done this step when [building an image](build-images.md), in which case you do not have to invite Sesheta again. Please note: currently Sesheta does not accept invites instantaneously and automatically (see [this issue](https://github.com/AICoE/aicoe-ci/issues/126) for more details). [Follow this link](https://github.com/AICoE/aicoe-ci/issues/new?assignees=goern%2Charshad16&labels=area%2Fcyborgs%2Cbot%2Csig%2Fcyborgs&template=request_sesheta.yaml&title=Help+with+Sesheta+invite) and fill out the form to have Sesheta accept your invitation.
```
Could we explicitly mention that invite won't be accepted automatically?

Author: yep-- done!

<div style="text-align:center">

> <img alt="Invite Sesheta" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aicoe/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial/master/docs/images/InviteSesheta.png">

Reviewer: Seems like the image here does not render (maybe coz `InviteSesheta.png` is not in the repo?). Is that expected?

Author: Works now--this image was committed in a different PR
